"This is a realization, this is booming. Not just talking, saying things. Those who are saying
things of this ruse and Dzogchen teaching, not practicing, those who are the great master of
popular music, named Renbo Mouths."
Only Renbo actually have to become the Renbo Body, not just Renbo Mouth, but Rainbow Mouth.
Renbo Mouth is when the crucial time comes, won't help. It won't help. Is it Renbo? Renbo's gone?
Gone.
Crucial times, that is, even during our lifetime, there is such a raging emotions coming. Different
things, we completely become only a person, un-practitioners.
Our emotions are so strong, dense and glashing that. But good pre-practitioners, when the emotion
comes, even they are not talking all the time, they are able to liberate it.
Those are known as sign of the pre-practitioners, not just liberate with love and compassion.
Increasing that, when you are able to see that liberated, that in many times the teaching says, "As
much as your emotions, that much you have the worst of us."
Those who have power abilities, who handle them, that is the worst of us. More emotions, more worst
of us in the teaching.
But for us at the beginning time, that's not the case. We have to be very careful with thought
force, with mindfulness, with alertness, with cautiousness. All that really need it.
Now, the will is like mountain-like will. Our will is strong at mountain-like step, as you said,
already explained.
Now, the second is meditation, ocean-like meditations, ocean-like abiding meditation, or ocean-like
meditation.